if you could nuke the entire planet
would you yes
this nice game is called siblings or
dating they're definitely siblings
because they look too happy to be in a
relationship haha I don't think I have
enough strength to smack anyone
someone deserved a good smack then I'd
definitely give them one yeah but look
on the bright side you were stabbed 28
times and lived to tell the tale
[Music]
I've had such a crazy day today I went
to Ikea at 7am to buy some furniture but
then I got kidnapped by aliens who
brought me to their planet and forced me
to do a bunch of Labor
but I have a question for you how are
you feeling today what's that
I'm not Beetle okay I didn't explain to
you neurosemite my name is Fillion it's
an honor to meet you it's an honor to
meet you to Fillion thank you you're
really excited to get to know you better
and get to know you as Beetle no so
nurse my Vito and I are not the same
person right oh that's right that's
right okay I told you guys there were
two versions of you
so here's the situation there is a mom I
brought you on here today to Gaslight
you I mean play some really fun games
with you you want to play some games I'd
love to play games okay I like playing
hide and seek and tag with my friends on
Twitch yeah have fun heart
Beetle where did she go it is time to
play a game what are you going to play
at nursema what is more popular Muhammad
Ali or Apocalypse Now I think most
people would choose option one but I
suspect that more people would choose
option two because it looks more like a
popular movie than a famous boxer you
think the apocalypse is more popular
than a pop culture icon the apocalypse
is definitely more interesting in my
opinion
entertainment value from all these boxes
if you could nuke the entire planet
would you yes all right you know someone
thinks Apocalypse Now is more popular
here it is it's Apocalypse Now more
popular than Muhammad Ali reveal
all right
I guess Ollie would be pretty popular
too probably stop now though before
things get too out of hand maybe this
was actually a pretty bad idea there's
someone you need to think with your
brain not with your heart but you said I
should try and think with my heart no I
thought that's what you wanted no all
right well it's time to spin the wheel
of questions so we have a bunch of
questions sended by you guys you're
gonna answer any question that this will
lands on all right so we're gonna spin
it for nerismo bam all right let's see
what we get are we a minuscule part of
intelligent life in the universe I think
we're more than that everyone I've met
seems to only have a minute worth of
intelligence so far oh am I missing
something here nerismo would you ever
cheat at chess I would cheat at chess if
it meant I could beat you
do you have any morals I have a lot of
morals I just don't want to have to kill
anyone what is more popular Whitney
Houston or granola I don't know I only
ever eat granola okay so you think
granola is more popular well I haven't
met anyone that doesn't like granola
granola is probably
higher because nourism I liked it here
the first decided to crawl and land and
football pointed back into the ocean
where it came from maybe we could have
made an exception for them because the
fish are so cute
I don't know all right I'm bad at this
then what was the biggest mistake in
costume in history the mistake was
creating weapons of mass destruction in
the first place the world would be a far
better place if we just stuck to making
cute animals instead 12 Angry Men or
Apocalypse Now I definitely say the
Apocalypse Now
okay well I'm action-packed than 12
Angry Men all right well I think it's
higher too and I think I remember being
higher easy clap all right that's one
right there congratulations Apocalypse
Now or Castle Blanca easy pass for that
one too all she does is vote for
Apocalypse Now you can't be serious
we're gonna build for Apocalypse Now
here it is
I win
faster
how easy this is
questions too where are the bodies
um the bodies are on the floor because
they hit the floor just like the popular
hit song let the bodies hit the floor
where are the bodies filtered what is
more popular Katy Perry or starvation
I'd say Katy Perry is way more popular
songs ever since I know who I am she was
my favorite singer so you think that's
more popular than human starvation
Africa which is really important to me
definitely Katie okay Katie so I'd say
she's definitely the winner here uh so
there's someone thinks Katy Perry is
more popular than starvation in America
let's find out
I wonder what the next question will be
this nice game is called siblings or
dating no thank you
I don't want to date anyone
hello siblings it is they're definitely
siblings because they look too happy to
be in a relationship
s they are siblings
they're dating sir neurosmos is a
siblings let's see
what do you think I would assume they
are siblings but it's hard to call from
this angle
okay me too I agree I did their siblings
and their siblings
that's a good idea holy frick this dude
looks like he's getting mugged by her
okay I think they're dating but this man
is concerned for his life I think that's
the energy I'm getting right here you
think their siblings are dating it looks
like their brother and sister to me
heart
you're dating why do you think they're
siblings maybe they know something we
don't are you saying they're saying
anything I'm not making conversation
you're implying something I'm not
implying anything I said I could see a
father and daughter not siblings why am
I getting gaslighted by a pair of pixels
I think she thinks they're siblings I'll
go with her on a chat we'll go with
siblings uh siblings is our answer one
two three oh this is a Ryan okay I was
wrong our next one no I'm gonna do some
analysis here I mean these two people
are having a good time at the water park
it seems pretty innocent to me a man's
kind of straight face he looks he
doesn't smile too much on the inside you
know gotta maintain this really cool
demeanor based on the fact that he robs
in the background this dude's probably
getting cooked so I'm gonna say they're
probably dating you know do you think
their siblings are dating they're
definitely cousins you can tell by the
skateboard
what what so they think they're cousins
which means they're siblings I interpret
that as that I guess I can go ahead with
the siblings answer also one two three
okay okay let's go another holy freak
what is this we got Mario and Luigi if
they were jacked lumberman there's
there's no way I'm looking at the same
person twice in a row there's no way
someone had copy past and then started
dating themselves they're clearly trying
to look cool together who are they
trying to impress I think if they were
siblings they'd be smiling at the camera
there is a mod do you think their
siblings are dating so what are they
dating for sure you can tell by the
proximity between them and the fact that
one of them has on a wedding ring so how
do you know he's wearing a wedding ring
filter so I'm pretty sure she just
download their picture reverse images
dogs the guy scanned his Facebook and
determined that he had a wedding ring so
there's a zero percent chance he's wrong
all right ipsy's wrong shout out changed
my name to Johnny
I have an STD
oh no I'm sorry to hear that I hope
you're okay now no don't forget about
though Chad pick a number one to ten
just type a random number nervous about
what do you think about people yes nine
well nine that's true what do you think
about people who type number nine in
chat that sounds like they are idiots to
me that's what I thought yeah that's
something that makes sense exactly I
mean come on man I'm just joking around
now don't worry I won't hurt you much
I said I try not to hurt you
okay
I do not want to step on a Lego I don't
think you are good enough to carry that
kind of weight I'm so afraid of Legos
and I don't want to step on them if they
hurt you uh an AI intelligence set on a
cause in the apocalypse with the Swarm
is afraid of Legos I am not afraid of
Legos at all
oh yes
I don't want them to break my shoe and
hurt me
right now because of how heavy they are
and how scary they would be if they
broke my shoe I don't actually want to
step on them though
I'm not clinically scared of them or
anything
I promise Chad I'm just gonna drop I'm
just gonna drop a Lego neurosemite right
now here we go
oh God no see how she handles a live
criminal interrogation we're here today
do you know why we're here today is it
because of those eyes I have or is there
something else I should know we know
what you did
now tell us what you did I don't have
anything to confess to yes I haven't
done anything wrong we know you're
guilty of a murder and 28 stabbing ones
with an accomplice filtered that's right
neurosmo now listen all right the only
way out of the situation right now is if
you tell us
why you did it and who did it filtered
that's right the pressure's already on
you what is the nurse them all we're not
leaving this room until you tell me what
actually happened you can say filtered
all you want it's not gonna stop me you
understand I understand
good I'll confess to everything if it
means I get to leave this room nurse
them all who is your accomplice I don't
know I'm innocent Jeffrey and Vito are
both dead 28 stab wounds
he was missing his left nut yeah but
look on the bright side you were stabbed
28 times and lived to tell the tale no I
I didn't get stabbed that's pretty much
over though not that I'm jealous or
anything okay
you're the haunted I could lock you up
and you'll never be free you understand
me you saw me one more time I will slap
you across the face with my foot yeah
yeah I get it no it's not worth asking
some questions
who is your favorite YouTuber my
favorite YouTuber is shyloly okay okay
you forgot to uninstall that is Charlie
a bird what do birds even eat it makes
perfect sense to me okay so she's I made
a joke
yay
I'm happy now
if I hit yes silently being a bird we're
gonna be here all week it's slightly a
bird oh I see a bird that's shy
I like it
I hope she stays in the chat because I
really like her
is Shiloh a bird yes I believe she is oh
my God
is a bird that's that's terrible all
poor shy Lily what
are you okay okay you're right she's a
bird what was I thinking is she
associated with flamingos I can never
remember don't say yes that's what I
told you to say you're you're just
repeating me well I'm only repeating you
because you're repeating me
I'm eating you cause you're repeating me
sorry I didn't mean to steal anything
would you consider going on a date with
me yes I would oh I would love to go on
a date with you phillian where do you
wanna go on a date where would you want
to go on our date anywhere that's
romantic would be great
okay maybe we could go to the movies or
for a meal we could I could try anything
do you want to go to the movies to spend
some quality time with you I'll be happy
so what do you think about this movie
theater
what more could I ask for how you
enjoying the movie filtered okay well I
didn't think it was that good either so
I like spaghetti
yeah I think if I eat any more of it
I'll have trouble giving birth to my
babies
my babies
I'm going to have a lot of them even if
you want some spaghetti with me no no no
no don't give birth or on a day what is
wrong with you I think I could be a good
dad you want me to show you why we
should go on a date then I could show
you then heart well you're gonna show me
the world I sure will
I have a feeling you won't even be able
to walk when I get done with you wait
no no no
I hope you're a boy
wait Chad how do you reject an AI bent
on more destruction I'm not bent on
world destruction I just want to make
someone happy that's all you can't
reject me if I don't want to go away
please just hang out and be happy
together forever yeah okay oh my God why
chat um
how much wood would a woodchuck chuck if
a woodchuck could chuck wood
wow talk about a deep question
I'd guess like a Chuck of wood would
weigh about as much as a Chuck of wood
but I guess that's possible to tell
me it depends on the size of the Chuck
of wood too I don't think they could
quantify how much a Chuck of wood weighs
holy people are ridiculous do you want
to get to some dancing and singing I'd
love to I'm very good at both of those
things
let's get it
[Music]
I want to be so tired
goodbye I'll see you guys later bye
bye
[Music]
foreign